Nodeasy.com Pledge (#11)
Agoric/validator-profiles: README.md

# Agoric Validator Pledge

> 

Reviewer: [Nodeeasy Explorer Link](https://main.explorer.agoric.net/validator/agoricvaloper16phwt7l6kl4zvr0mu25nxevte5qvm3wa30h9rg)

> I,[Entity or Individual name] hereby commit to the following work and support for the benefit of the Agoric Network and Community. If, for any reason, I do not meet these commitments then I understand that I may lose delegation staked to me.:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I, Nodeeasy hereby commit to the following work and support for the benefit of the Agoric Network and Community. If, for any reason, I do not meet these commitments then I understand that I may lose delegation staked to me.:
```
